Use snapshots for hint arguments (#1850)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/08-cairo-1-support/05-cheatcodes/README.md

Cheatcodes do not require any specific imports or `use` declarations.

## Error handling in cheatcodes

> All cheatcodes return an `Result` enum:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All cheatcodes return a `Result` enum:
```

```cairo title="Result"
enum Result<T, felt252> {
    Ok: T,
    Err: felt252,
}

> ```

Author: I'll update the details. Problem is this information was duplicated on multiple pages. It makes it harder to maintain/will cause inconsistencies in the future.

Perhaps we can link to error handling from cheatcode pages?

> On successful cheatcode execution, `Ok` is returned - an exact type of `Ok` depends on the cheatcode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On successful cheatcode execution, a positive result is returned (`OK`) - its exact type depends on the cheatcode.
```

> an exact type of `Ok`

this sounds weird TBH.

On failure, `Err` is returned,
containing [short string](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo/blob/26188d4d3271c327fbbfd09f82c4acc99cb281f5/docs/reference/src/components/cairo/modules/language_constructs/pages/literal-expressions.adoc#short-string-literals)
with encoded error message.

### Failing test on cheatcode error

> Simplest handling of `Result` is to `unwrap()` them. It either returns a cheatcode success value or causes the test to
> fail entirely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest handling of `Result` is to `unwrap()` them. It either returns a cheatcode success value or causes the test to
fail entirely:
```

Maybe we could also mention `expect` but it probably is not necessary.

```cairo title="Simple handling"
use result::ResultTrait;

let prepared_contract = prepare(class_hash, @calldata).unwrap();
```

### Matching errors

> `Result` can be used inside `match` statement, to handle both `Ok` and `Err` types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Result` can be used inside the `match` statement, to handle both `Ok` and `Err` types.
```
